New expression blocks (#479)
cogeotiff/rio-tiler: CHANGES.md

# unreleased

* add support for setting the S3 endpoint url scheme via the `AWS_HTTPS` environment variables in `aws_get_object` function using boto3 (https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler/pull/476)
* Add semicolon `;` support for multi-blocks expression (https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler/pull/479)
* add `rio_tiler.expression.get_expression_blocks` method to split expression (https://github.com/cogeotiff/rio-tiler/pull/479)

**future deprecation**

> * using coma `,` in expression to define multiple blocks will be replaced by semicolon `;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* using a comma `,` in an expression to define multiple blocks will be replaced by semicolon `;`
```
